    ("M")
    ("YCENA FREE STATE")
        ("The mycenae here are kept in pens overnight, locked in darkness. They are roused every morning by a patchwork soldier with a whip.")
        ("The morning after your dream-performance, the patchwork soldier is overpowered and his weapon is taken. He is whipped through the streets, naked and bloody, chased by a boiling army of enraged fungi.")
        ("The rest of the patchwork soldiers flock to his aid, but the mycenae are an unstoppable tide. The patchworks are literally torn apart at their seams, the pieces scattered or raised as bloody trophies. The mycenae swarm toward the Emperor statue - the embodiment of their enslavement.")
        ("The mycenae here are kept in pens overnight, locked in darkness. They are roused every morning by a Harlequin soldier with a whip.")
        ("The morning after your dream-performance, the clown is overpowered and his weapon taken. He is whipped through the streets, naked and bloody and honking, chased by a boiling army of enraged fungi.")
        ("The rest of the fool soldiers and jugglernauts flock to his aid, but the mycenae are an unstoppable tide. The clowns of Harlequin are literally torn apart at their seams, the pieces scattered or raised as bloody trophies. The mycenae swarm toward the statue - the embodiment of their enslavement.")
    ("Concerns updated: Find-the-Lady.", "Logbook", 6)
    ("+1 Relationship: Jhang Ba Sho.", "Logbook", 5)
    ReligionText("Wyl o' Pan", 1, 2)
    ("Gained x1 Lurid Tale.", "Logbook", 3)
    ("Follow them, at a cautious distance.", "Jhang is weeping with joy.", "")
        ReligionItemAdd("Wyl o' Pan", 1, 2)
    ("M")
    ("YCENA FREE STATE")
    ("The mycenae cluster at the statue and slam their roots into its foundation. Ropes of fungus and mildew seethe up from the statue's feet, impossibly fast, covering the statue in fungal-matter until reaching its head - whereupon the fungus blooms outward, a huge pale circle, casting everything below in shadow.")
    ("A giant toadstool-cap has bloomed at the statue's head - suddenly, the figure seems more like a noble mycena than a human.")
    ("Gained x1 Fragment of Epiphany.", "Logbook", 3)
    ("The Mycena Free State is now actually free.", "", "")
