("T")
("HE KEY DETAILS")
    ("The Key Details' office is above a butcher's and below an establishment which winkingly advertises itself as a 'massage parlour.' You have to step over a stream of red run-off to enter the building, and the butcher directs you upstairs with a whisk of his cleaver. The office itself bustles with chatter and activity - dozens of young men and women, and a few mycenae, either dashing about with clipboards and stacks of paper or sitting sweating at a type-writer. Everyone seems much, much too busy to offer you a single iota of attention.")
    ("You eventually find a door labelled 'Chief Editor.' Ambiguity Vilecroft is sitting inside - pale, angular, impeccably suited, hair so black and slick and shining it looks like shoe-polish applied to a bald head. He (or perhaps she) offers you a smile, which is almost instantly withdrawn.")
    if CrewSpeechText("Ambiguity Vilecroft", 161, '"' + "When it comes to reporting on the City of Keys and all its vagaries, we are second to none. Our coverage of foreign affairs is spotty, however, and you're an important step in addressing that. So we want news from anywhere that's far away - the further, the better, the more we'll pay. But we'll also give you assignments - places where we've heard that something's happening, and we want feet on the floor. Bringing back news from there nets you a nice little bonus." + '"', 2)
        if CrewSpeechText("Ambiguity Vilecroft", 161, "Ambiguity looks at you very seriously over her (his) spectacles. " + '"' + "We can't offer you as much as other newspapers could. I want to be clear about that. That's because our primary concern is quality, not profit. If you want to make a mint, go to The Hollow Trumpet. But if you want to write sharp, incisive, honest-to-goodness journalism that really pisses people off, stay with us and we'll see you right." + '"', 3)
            ("Ambiguity gives you the contract and a pen. Black paper, white ink.")
            ("Sign.", "There is no small print. It's simple and to the point.", "[This decision cannot be reversed!]")
            ("Refuse to sign just yet.", "Ambiguity arches her or his exquisite eyebrows. " + '"' + "It is a big commitment, so I understand if you'd rather not make it lightly. But I will be very disappointed if you scurry over to The Hollow Trumpet and sign away your soul." + '"', "")
    ("Ambiguity looks up, surprised, as you enter her or his office. " + '"' + "I must admit," + '"' + " she or he says, sliding the contract towards you, " + '"' + "I didn't expect you to come back." + '"')
    ("Sign.", "There is no small print. It's simple and to the point.", "[This decision cannot be reversed!]")
    ("Refuse to sign just yet.", "Ambiguity arches her or his exquisite eyebrows. " + '"' + "It is a big commitment, so I understand if you'd rather not make it lightly. But I will be very disappointed if you scurry over to The Hollow Trumpet and sign away your soul." + '"', "")
