    ("T")
    ("HE UNDREAMING CARCASS")
        ("You launch into a roaring indictment of all gods but Graveddon. Graveddon offers not enlightenment or wisdom, you thunder, but strength - a strength that will keep your audience safe where wisdom cannot.")
        ("You talk of the boons which Graveddon grants his Saints - a brawn and bloodthirst that cannot be matched. In slaughter, you thunder, there is to be found salvation. And the pig that squeals deserves to be eaten.")
        ("You scream at the crowd before you to run, to hide, to cower in fear. Many of the upturned faces start to look pale or uncomfortable, and those you pounce upon - they are weak, you shout in their faces, but Graveddon will make them strong.")
    ("T")
    ("HE INFINITE COILS")
        ("You tell the story of how Nahash taught the first mortals how to speak and read and write, rescuing them from an eternity of animal ignorance. You use the story not to convert your audience, but to encourage them to write something down - anything at all.")
        ("You begin an abridged lecture on the history of the Cities, focusing particularly on the influence of Nahash's church.")
        ("You dance from topic to topic, teaching the crowd whatever snippet of knowledge strikes your fancy: the recipe for perfect almond butter; the occult ritual for filling one's throat with birdsong; the formula of a quadratic equation.")
    ("T")
    ("HE VOID-SHAPED GOD")
        ("You stand on your soapbox in utter silence for hours, and stare aggressively at anyone who tarries nearby. Occasionally you shape the silent syllables with your mouth: Ab-jah.")
        ("You tell the story of the God-Shaped Void: a story without beginning or end, without structure, and without language. It consists almost entirely of a single unbroken hum.")
        ("You instruct the crowd to contemplate the nothingness which preceded them and which soon awaits them. You ask them to open their eyes to the beauty of oblivion.")
    ("T")
    ("HE CARVED AND HEWN")
        ("You make sure to emphasize that, in the church of Cobblestone, all you need to succeed is to do a large amount of grinding hard work.")
        ("You sing the sombre songs of Cobblestone, and implore the crowd to remove their shoes and feel the ground beneath their feet.")
        ("You tell the story of how Cobblestone was constructed by the Architect. You tell of how, in turn, Cobblestone built the first cities: the Cities of Gods.")
    ("T")
    ("HE GREAT CONTORTION")
        ("You open Anglecrab's sacred instruction manual, and begin reading the sacred measurements. Negative twenty-three centimetres. A three hundred and ninety-one degree angle. Zero fathoms recurring. One hundred and forty-four trillion miles.")
        ("You ask the crowd if they're bored of being forced to exist in only four dimensions. Anglecrab can help them see beyond conventional time and space, if they can simply give up their blasphemous idolatry of circles. Praise Anglecrab.")
        ("You silently build a manifold inversion of a shape out of sticks and glue, an impossible geometry that revolves around itself and that you hope will impress the crowd.")
    ("T")
    ("HE SON OF STARS")
        ("You tell the story of how Wyl o' Pan granted mortals the secret of the Heartlight, asking for nothing in return but adoration.")
        ("You extoll the benefits of worshipping Wyl o' Pan - the forgiveness of sin, the lack of judgement, the parties. You warn passers-by of the consequences of Unsanctioned worship.")
        ("You remind the crowd of the dangers that hide in darkness, and tell them of how they can benefit from Wyl o' Pan's protection.")
    ("T")
    ("HE TIMEKEEPER")
        ("You tell the story of Morbazar's Game - a contest of wits against twenty-four rabid devils, each stronger than the last. Morbazar tricked each devil, one by one, into becoming an hour of the day.")
        ("You tell the story of Morbazar's Fault, when Morbazar summoned the first engineer to the House so that she could open the back of his-and-her head and repair a mechanical failure. Of course they fell in love, and love between god and mortal is forbidden for good reason; she spent too long in his-and-her presence, and went insane.")
        ("You ask the crowd for answers to Morbazar's Riddles - the seven that is six, the nine that is eight, and the measure of an immortal life.")
    ("T")
    ("HE COAGULANT GOD")
        ("You tell the tale of the Grand Coagulation, also called the Scarifice or the Scabbening; when Scorthidion congealed itself to plug an unfathomable tear in the fabric of the House's reality, saving all our souls.")
        ("You loudly extoll the benefits that Scorthidion grants its Sainted: the hardened blood, the will of steel. Better than shadowy Unsanctioned gods who send even their strongest followers nothing but promises.")
        ("You call upon worshippers of the Unsanctioned to consider their health - Scorthidion may seem inert and unknowable, you say, but it will heal its wounded worshippers. You ask them to consider whether their god could do the same.")
