    ("Your crew are shaking in terror. A few moths have already settled on your kinetopede, their tiny needle-teeth glinting in the darkness.")
        DecideLowerCrewNameStringAndPronouns("Swabbie")
        (((((('"' + "They will eat us from the inside out," + '"' + " moans " + NameString) + ", your Swabbie. ") + '"') + "Wear us like a costume.") + '"'))
    ("Venturing out and exploring the moth-covered city itself will be very dangerous. But potentially rewarding - you doubt this place has ever been properly looted.")
    ("Scavenge the moth-picked ruins.", "Quick. Careful. And silent.", "Guile", 68)
    NeedsCargoItem("Light a Hand of Glory.", "This will calm the moths, and let you walk among them unharmed.", "[Requires x1 Hand of Glory.]", HasHand)
    ("Actually, you'd rather not risk it.", "The danger's not worth it.", "")
    ("Moths drape the cityscape. Every step you take sends them up, madcap, fluttering. There must be billions of them, carpeting every surface and billowing above in clouds, turning the floor white and the buildings white and the sky above a seething white.")
    ("You came prepared - daubed in mud and dust to hide your scent, clad in grey-white camouflage, following a slow crawling route through the sewers and beneath the bridges, where moths are more thinly spread. Still, you sense a fluttering agitation in the air. They can somehow sense an intruder. You must be quick.")
        ("You creep like a shadow into a tall grey building, and search for anything of valuable. Soon, you stumble across a golden-green scarab behind a glass case, its back glowing with runes.")
        ("Gained x1 Occult Relic", "Occult", 1)
        ("You creep like a shadow into a tall grey building, and search for anything of valuable. Soon, you stumble across a dusty fetch-mirror, sitting miraculously untouched over a fireplace.")
        ("Gained x1 Fetch-mirror", "Mirror", 1)
        ("You creep like a shadow into a tall grey building, and search for anything of valuable. Soon, you stumble across a stone tablet in a glass case, covered in swirling runes.")
        ("Gained x1 Cryptoglyphic Tablet", "Occult", 1)
    ("(You passed a Guile challenge!)", "Challenge", 4)
    ("You creep back.", "Your crew won't be happy until this moth-cursed city is far behind them.", "")
    ("Moths drape the cityscape. Every step you take sends them up, madcap, fluttering. There must be billions of them, carpeting every surface and billowing above in clouds, turning the floor white and the buildings white and the sky above a seething white.")
    ("You came prepared - daubed in mud and dust to hide your scent, a suit of grey-white camouflage. But it wasn't enough. More and more moths start rising in the air, circling above you in a fluttering pale spiral. In a matter of moments, you will be devoured.")
    ("(You failed a Guile challenge...)", "Challenge", 4)
    ("Run back to the kinetopede.", "Your crew are already firing up the engines and aiming cannons into the swarm. It won't be enough.", "Guts", 63)
    ("Moths drape the cityscape. Every step you take sends them up, madcap, fluttering. There must be billions of them, carpeting every surface and billowing above in clouds, turning the floor white and the buildings white and the sky above a seething white.")
    ("The Hand of Glory sputters and glows. Without it, you would be hollowed out and infested in moments. Even with it, you must be cautious. Moths settle on you calmly, cloaking you in rustling pale wings.")
        ("You creep like a shadow into a tall grey building, and search for anything of valuable. Soon, you stumble across a golden-green scarab behind a glass case, its back glowing with runes.")
        ("Gained x1 Occult Relic", "Occult", 1)
        ("You creep like a shadow into a tall grey building, and search for anything of valuable. Soon, you stumble across a dusty fetch-mirror, sitting miraculously untouched over a fireplace.")
        ("Gained x1 Fetch-mirror", "Mirror", 1)
        ("You creep like a shadow into a tall grey building, and search for anything of valuable. Soon, you stumble across a stone tablet in a glass case, covered in swirling runes.")
        ("Gained x1 Cryptoglyphic Tablet", "Occult", 1)
    ("Lost x1 Hand of Glory", "Hand", 4)
    ("You creep back.", "Your crew won't be happy until this moth-cursed city is far behind them.", "")
    ("Missiles blow holes in the swarm, but they reform instantly. You leap onto the moving kinetopede and are hauled in by a dozen hands, just as the moths start to strip flesh from your legs.")
    ("(You passed a Guts challenge!)", "Challenge", 3)
    ("A narrow escape.", "A few dozen moths followed you in. It takes days to exterminate them all.", "")
    ("Missiles blow holes in the swarm, but they reform instantly. You can't run fast enough. They gather above you in a fluttering cluster, then torrent down. Delicate wings scratch inside your ears, mouth, nostrils. You pull them out one by one, each coming apart between your fingers and leaving damp ichor behind.")
    ("But there are too many, and there's nothing you can do. Softly scratching fluttering things force themselves between your lips or under your eyelids. Sharp needle-teeth burrow into your flesh. A squirming expanding crinkling vastness inside you. A thousand tiny wingbeats.")
    ("Gained Distinction: Motheaten", "Logbook", 1)
    ("Concerns updated: Motheaten", "Logbook", 6)
    ("Gained x1 Fragment of Epiphany", "Logbook", 3)
    ("+3 Guile", "Challenge", 4)
    ("Lost a great deal of Sanity", "Sanity", 0)
    ("(You failed a Guts challenge...)", "Challenge", 3)
    ("Back to the kinetopede.", "You pretend to your crew it was a miraculous escape. A moth-wing escapes for an instant between your lips, but you don't think anyone noticed.", "")
        ChangeConcernsDescription(73, "Open the Door south of Recalcitrance, and allow the moths to flood in.")
        if (!steam_get_achievement("MOTHEATEN"))
            steam_set_achievement("MOTHEATEN")
