    ("T")
    ("HE CITY OF KEYS")
    ("All it takes is an anonymous note naming the Despicable Oyster.")
    if (oPlayer.Lookout == "Nicholas Verdant")
        NickString = " Nicholas slips away and does this of his own volition; he doesn't return for hours, and he glares at you sullenly when he does."
        NickString = ""
    (("The second step, of course, is to notify the Beggar's God, tell him to prepare for war." + NickString))
    ("The gaslamps dim. The city darkens. Ripples of rumour are spreading; for centuries the Beggar's God has been a fixture of the city, a thing to scare children, the monster in generations of propaganda. Catatonia Road is closed to the public. A proper confrontation between it and the Governor is unheard-of. There are doomsayers in the streets.")
    ("It happens so suddenly that no-one notices it beginning.", "Yet so slowly that no-one is surprised.", "")
    ("T")
    ("HE CITY OF KEYS")
    ("Across the city, legions of urchins march like soldiers - children who have crawled through the Warrens all their lives, who have worshipped at the God's well-altar and brought him stolen pocket-change. The watch-house is set on fire. Half the walls in the city sprout graffiti. The Governor's Men and soldiers making their way toward the Despicable Oyster are beaten back under a rain of slates and cobbles.")
    ("That is only the first and mildest phase of the war. The second begins when, in Grief Street, a bearded beggar spits lightning from his eyes. In Steptemple Street, three churches of the Sanctioned shake and collapse. In Gulbenkian Street, a band of tramps tear away their skin and lope through the streets as shaggy blood-mouthed wolves. In Croakabode Lane, the children grow small sharp teeth, and turn on their parents. In Sticky End, even the most hard-bitten thug sits shivering in his cellar and prays to see the morning.")
    ("And worst of all, the rats. A flood of them boil across the city, a fanged tide of seething fur that leave only skeletons in their wake, all converging on the Despicable Oyster, rising over the Governor's Men in a squeaking tsunami.")
    ("It's not enough.", "", "")
    ("T")
    ("HE CITY OF KEYS")
    ("You don't know how many Governor's Men are killed. A few are skeletonized under swarms of rodents; at least one is eaten by the wolves, and the lightning-eyed beggar on Grief Street leaves another in a coma from which she will never wake.")
    ("And several, of course, are killed by the Beggar's God itself.")
    ("The sirens are blaring. Searchlights sweep the air. Huge black blimps hover over Catatonia Road, disgorging a new wave of soldiers and Governor's Men every few minutes.")
    ("For a battle with a god, it is over rather quickly - the Factory's worst weapons have been wheeled out, and they spit and sing and warp the world. The air boils, and freezes, and empties of oxygen. No-one is quite sure how many bombs were dropped on Catatonia Road, or what their effects were, but healthy babies won't be born there for a century.")
    ("By the time the smoke clears, a god is dead, buried under tonnes of rock. And an entire swathe of the city is rubble and broken glass.")
    ("-3 Stability: The City of Keys", "Logbook", 4)
    if (oPlayer.Lookout == "Nicholas Verdant")
        ("-3 Relationship: Nicholas Verdant", "Logbook", 5)
    ("Concerns concluded: Begging, Choosing", "Logbook", 6)
    ("It will be weeks before the city recovers.", "", "")
        ChangeConcerns2Description(84, "Beggar's God waged a short war on the Governor's Men and died fighting.")
