("T")
("HE CITY OF KEYS")
("You wander your old haunts. You have a weight of history here.")
    ("You stare up at the dread majesty of the Factory. A mile-high slab of concrete, booming with a ceaseless industry that shakes the tiles from the surrounding rooftops.")
    ("Vaguely, you remember being shuttled between here and Orphan's Town, chains around your wrists. You can still smell the foul rancid-meat breath of the Matrons. Little else has stuck with you; your memories were confiscated when you reached adulthood and were released.")
    ("There is a torn poster on the Factory wall, clearly missed by the patrols. 'END ORPHAN LABOUR,' it demands.")
    ("+1 Radical Sympathies", "Reputation", 5)
    ("Slip away.", "A seed is planted.")
    ("The old family workshop has been gutted and is now populated by ghost-like addicts with nowhere else to go. The entire street, once filled with proud working families like your own, is dilapidated and filth-stained.")
    ("Gained x1 Moment of Melancholy", "Logbook", 3)
    ("Slip away.", "There's nothing left for you here.")
    ("The currents of the city whisk you to the clean air and sparkling-white streets of Upside and Twilight Gardens. Drink up the smog-free oxygen - here, it's as rare and valued as brandy. You come from a decent enough family with a decent enough name, and you're welcomed back to the fold immediately.")
    ("You join your old schoolfellows at Treason Hall for a rousing game of spot-the-wolf, you have tea and biscuits with the Archbishop of Cobblestone, you are roped into yet another grand ball and dance with a succession of dazzling but interchangeable suitors.")
    ("It's a grand old time, of course, though all of them try to gently discourage you from wasting your life out in the dark.")
    ("Gained x1 Droll Recollection", "Logbook", 3)
    ("Slip away.", "You will not be dissuaded.")
    ("You grew up on the streets, and the streets are deep in your bones. The Rat-Ways beneath are just as familiar, though even the wider tunnels are almost too small for you now. You venture down there with a lantern and a sense of unease. Children's eyes glint in the darkness, following at your heels.")
    ("Tinkling laughter echoes about your ears. The tunnels grow narrower. Something needle-sharp pricks your flesh. You know, with sudden dreadful certainty, that you are too old for this place.")
    ("Gained x1 Disquieting Incident", "Logbook", 3)
    ("You retreat.", "The Rat-Ways are the domain of rodents, urchins and the Beggar's God. You are no longer welcome.")
    ("Paupers' College is utterly unchanged. The professors are absent-minded or simply absent; the students are riotous; the Rag-Stacks breathe, and pages flutter and fall.")
    ("You end up whiling away the afternoon with one of your old tutors, who catches you up on all the sordid affairs and wine-soaked debauches that have taken place in your absence.")
    ("Gained x1 Scandalous Gossip", "Logbook", 4)
    ("Slip away.", "A fine old natter.")
    ("You never spent much time in the city as a child. Your earliest memory is stowing away on the first kinetopede you could find. The rest of your early life was spent roaming through darkness in the company of merchants and mercenaries, listening to their blood-curdling tales and drinking as much of their fiery whiskey as you could stomach.")
    ("Some of the stories have stuck with you, even now. And you had a few adventures of your own out there. You sit on a park bench in Twilight Gardens and jot down what you can recall, before the memory fades.")
    ("Gained x1 Thrilling Yarn", "Logbook", 3)
    ("Slip away.", "A seed is planted.")
    ("You visit your family. It's a proper gathering: doddering parents, disreputable uncles, a few errant cousins whose lives are a scintillating mystery. Tea and cake are imbibed, in accordance with ritual.")
    ("Your departure is mournful. Your parents cannot understand your wanderlust, and make you promise to return if the horrors of the House grow too fearsome.")
    ("Gained a huge amount of Sanity!", "Sanity", 1)
    ("Slip away.", "This will always be home.")
    ("You visit the old news-offices where you picked up your bundle of papers to sell. Along the way you pass all the familiar old places. There's the corner where Inky Joe got his teeth kicked down his throat and choked to death; there's the alleyway where Handsome Sid got on the wrong end of a knife and became Noseless Sid; there's the site of the legendary battle between the Broadsheet Boys and the Trumpet Crew.")
    ("Now you think about it, hawking papers had a high mortality rate. You could count on one hand the number of hawkers who grew to adulthood without ending up dead, crippled or in jail.")
    ("Gained x1 Reflection on Mortality", "Logbook", 3)
    ("Slip away.", "You were always lucky.")
    ("Junk Palace is a heap of detritus so colossal that entire slums have congealed in its hollows. In those dark cabes, discarded girders have become support-struts that hold up the vast mass of trash overhead.")
    ("The further down Junk Palace's strata you go, the weirder the discoveries you can make: lost communities, forgotten treasures, inexplicable objects from other worlds. You made a living picking amongst the safer, surface-level garbage for items of value.")
    ("Today you go picking again, for old times' sake. Memories of your greatest previous discoveries rattle through your head: a silver pocket-watch, a chess set, a reliquary. How pleased your father was when you brought back those treasures! How well you ate! Today, too, is a blessed day: you spot something barely-visible beneath the broken bottles and rubble. A gleam of bronze.")
    ("Gained x1 Box of Exotic Memories", "Cargo", 1)
    ("Slip away.", "Clutching your prize.")
